port to connect MS to your node (#279)
massalabs/docs: docs/massaStation/faq.mdx

Replace `NodeName` with a name of your choosing for the node, this will appear in the dropdown menu.

> Make sure that the URL exactly matches the RPC endpoint of your node. This URL is how Massa Station will communicate with your node.
> The port of the public API is 33035, so this port must be open on the node server for Massa Station to communicate with your node.
> For example: `https://37.167.156.118:33035`.

Reviewer: What about somehting like that ?

```suggestion
In the `URLs` section, put the URL that Massa Station will use to communicate with your node. It is usually the IP address of your node, followed by the port used by the [Node Public API](/docs/build/api/jsonrpc), which is `33035` by default.

For example: `https://37.167.156.118:33035`.

:::caution
For Massa Station to be able to connect to your node, the **Public API port must be open** on the node server.
:::
```
